Mom, I'm sorry. Shut up.
What right do you have to call me mom?
Wipe my shoes clean
Mom, what's wrong?
puffy
Look at you marrying this useless wife
You might as well pay a nanny to mop the floor
They're messing up my new shoes.
You trash
Make you make my mom angry
You say your uncle is really
Itself outside
Raised a fox spirit who set up a street stall
But I insist that you marry the daughter of a fox
What else do you say? If you marry her and start a family, you will rise to prosperity
I think your uncle is bewitched by the fox
This mother and daughter don't have a good thing
No.
My mother and uncle are not your sisters-in-law
You fart
Your mother seduced my uncle and then let you seduce me
I'll tell you what.
You and your mother are shameless vixen
I'll beat you to death, you bitch.
Ouch son
Xiaofei, are you alright?
How can you get up quickly?
It's okay, mom, I'll take it slow.
I'm going to call his mother
It's useless today.
What new home?
Mother, don't worry.
I'll be right there.
General Ye Hongchen Governor Sun Jihai called
He's having a feast in the windshield.
At 2 pm, I will pick up the wind and dust for General Ye
Sun Jihai Hmm
If I remember correctly
Qinghe's marriage into the Chen family was signed by him
It is Mu Qinghe's husband
Chen Hui is his nephew
How's the investigation on Qinghe?
We found Mu Qinghe's best friend Gu Panwang
He should know about Mu Qinghe's situation
Wait for him to pick me up